=head1 NAME

ndrive - Client Driver for Nuxeo

=head1 SYNOPSIS

ndrive [I<options>] [I<url>] I<command> [I<command_parameters>...]


Launch the client side of the Nuxeo Drive. The I<url> is the Nuxeo URL of type protocol: C<ndrive://>.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<--ndrive-home> F<path>

Folder to store the Nuxeo Drive configuration, default "F<~/.nuxeo-drive>".

=item B<--log-level-file> I<level>

Minimum log level for the file log (under NXDRIVE_HOME/logs), default: "C<DEBUG>".

=item B<--log-level-console> I<level>

Minimum log level for the console log, default: "C<INFO>".

=item B<--log-filename> F<file>

File used to store the logs, default "F<NXDRIVE_HOME/logs/nxaudit.logs>".

=item B<--debug>

Fire a debugger (ipdb or pdb) one uncaught error.

=item B<--delay> I<duration>

Delay in seconds between consecutive sync operations.

=item B<--max-sync-step> I<number>

Number of consecutive sync operations to perform without refreshing the internal state DB.

=item B<--handshake-timeout> I<timeout>

HTTP request timeout in seconds for the handshake.

=item B<--timeout> I<timeout>

HTTP request timeout in seconds for the sync Automation calls.

=item B<--stop-on-error>

Stop the process on first unexpected error. Useful for developers and Continuous Integration.

=item B<-v>

=item B<--version>

Print the current version of the Nuxeo Drive client.

=back

=head1 COMMANDS

=over

=item B<bind-server>: Attach a local folder to a Nuxeo server. Parameters for this command are:

=over 5

=item I<--password> I<text> Password for the Nuxeo account

=item I<--local-folder> F<path>: Local folder that will host the list of synchronized workspaces with a remote Nuxeo server.

=item I<--remote-roots> F<path>...: Path synchronization roots (reference or path for folderish Nuxeo documents such as Workspaces or Folders).

=item I<--remote-repo> I<name>: Name of the remote repository.

=item I<username>: User account to connect to Nuxeo

=item I<nuxeo_url>: URL of the Nuxeo server.

=back

=item B<unbind-server>: Detach from a remote Nuxeo server. Parameter for this command is:

=over 5

=item I<--local-folder> F<path>: Local folder that hosts the list of synchronized workspaces with a remote Nuxeo server.

=back

=item B<bind-root>: Attach a local folder as a root for synchronization. Parameters for this command are:

=over 5

=item I<--local-folder> F<path>: Local folder that will host the list of synchronized workspaces with a remote Nuxeo server. Must be bound with the 'bind-server' command.

=item I<--remote-repo> F<name>: Name of the remote repository.

=item I<remote_root>: Remote path or id reference of a folder to synchronize.

=back

=item B<unbind-root>: Detach from a remote Nuxeo root. Parameter for this command is:

=over 5

=item I<local_root>: Local sub-folder to de-synchronize.

=back

=item B<start>: Start the synchronization as a GUI-less daemon.

=item B<stop>: Stop the synchronization daemon.

=item B<console>: Start a GUI-less synchronization without detaching the process.

=item B<status>: Fetch the status info of the children of a given folder. Parameter for this command is:

=over 5

=item I<folder>: Path to a local Nuxeo Drive folder.

=back

=item B<test>: Run the Nuxeo Drive test suite. Parameters for this command are:

=over 5

=item I<--with-coverage>: Compute coverage report.

=item I<--with-profile>: Compute profiling report.

=back

=back
